Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt - equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single - A - 3 from single - A - 2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back - pay grievance before the arbitrator .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum - wage rise for low - paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital - gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings - on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so - called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full - sized vans .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . ''
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51 - cash management bills yesterday .
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft - drink markets in Pacific Basin countries .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
The disk - drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program - trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40 - year - old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Joint - research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Since the recent deterioration of the junk - bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high - yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300 - day estimate .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four - game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms - control treaty is likely to be completed .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market - moving employment report .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
