Large cross - border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion in the second quarter , the firm added .
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world - wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners .
`` There are some things that have gone on here that nobody can explain , '' she says .
The brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its Technology Index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year .
I worry more about things becoming so unraveled on the other side that they might become unable to negotiate .
Lawyers would eagerly seize on the provision in their death - penalty appeals , says Richard Burr , director of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund 's capital - punishment defense team .
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . ''
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .
Congress still is struggling to dismantle the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988 , which boosted benefits for the elderly and taxed them to pay for the new coverage .
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .
And with Al 's record of being a delver and a detail guy , you can see how the two fit , '' said Alan Gottesman , an analyst with PaineWebber .
But it could also help American companies , which also are starting to try to open the market .
A company spokesman did n't know Mr. Wakeman 's age .
The IRS has been seeking more than $ 300 million in back taxes from Mr. Hunt .
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per - share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence .
Mr. Rifenburgh also noted that 150 million shares of MiniScribe common stock were traded during the past three years , `` so there 's a tremendous amount of exposure . ''
The gene thus can prevent a plant from fertilizing itself .
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company .
Stock prices rallied as the Georgia - Pacific bid broke the market 's recent gloom .
He had developed a hatred for the hacker and a grudging appreciation of the federal `` spooks '' who make national security their business .
The offering , Series 109 , is backed by Freddie Mac 10 % securities .
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .
All these vehicles have sharply improved Nissan 's morale and image -- but have n't done much for its market share .
Mr. Blair said his libel suit seeks 10 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 8.5 million ) from Canadian Express and Hees executives Manfred Walt and Willard L'Heureux .
The 10.48 % yield represents a spread to the 20 - year Treasury of 2.45 percentage points .
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .
`` Demand from Japan is expected to continue strong , but not from other areas of the world into the first quarter of next year , '' he said .
Orkem , France 's third - largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources .
It said the situation is caused by efforts to streamline bloated factory payrolls .
Accomplishing both will be a balancing act as challenging as riding a unicycle .
Because the Japanese `` alphabet '' is so huge , Japan has no history of typewriter use , and so `` keyboard allergy , '' especially among older workers , remains a common affliction .
This year , Mr. Wathen says the firm will be able to service debt and still turn a modest profit .
Accepted bids ranged from 8 % to 8.019 % .
`` I ca n't do anything score - wise , but I like meeting the girls . ''
Ms. Shere has offered a $ 500 reward for the book 's return but figures she 'll have to reinvent many recipes from scratch .
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s .
Mr. Robinson of Delta & Pine , the seed producer in Scott , Miss. , said Plant Genetic 's success in creating genetically engineered male steriles does n't automatically mean it would be simple to create hybrids in all crops .
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .
Chugai agreed to pay $ 6.25 a share for Gen - Probe 's 17.6 million common shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis .
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .
The buyers , these analysts added , could be either foreign or other U.S. concerns .
Jack Kemp has submitted a package of reforms , and they are surely headed for the Capitol Hill sausage - grinder .
September was the 10th consecutive month in which steel exports failed to reach the year - earlier level .
Four other countries in Europe have approved Proleukin in recent months .
General Dynamics Corp. was given an $ 843 million Air Force contract for F - 16 aircraft and related equipment .
However , it does n't give much of a clue as to whether a recession is on the horizon .
`` Everyone else is going to catch up '' with Nissan 's innovative designs , says A. Rama Krishna , auto analyst at First Boston ( Japan ) Ltd .
But declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered gainers 774 to 684 , and broader market indexes were virtually unchanged .
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .
The drop marked the largest monthly tumble since a 19 % slide in January 1982 .
State - owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege is meant to protect private utterances -- not litigation papers filed with foreign governments , as Mrs. Marcos 's attorneys maintained .
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co .
Mortgage securities ended 2\/32 to 4\/32 higher in light trading .
When it comes to busting ghosts , the Monroe , Conn. , couple are perfect demons .
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .
`` That burden is very difficult , if not impossible , to meet , '' says Mr. Boyd .
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . ''
Conservatives are the faction in U.S. politics which always said that Mr. Ortega and his friends do n't want to hold an election in Nicaragua .
Some have been training for months ; others only recently left active status .
The SEC would likely be amenable to legislation that required insiders to file transactions on a more timely basis , he said .
Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down - payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program - driven financial futures .
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes .
After the GASB was founded in 1984 , 11 years after the FASB , the government - owned entities were supposed to follow FASB rules unless the GASB superceded them .
About 800 have crossed the picket lines and returned to work .
The problem is that Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas .
SKILLED WORKERS aplenty are available to cope with earthquake damage .
For a long time , he ignored baseball altogether , even the sports pages .
A Ford spokesman said the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem .
But Mr. Simonds-Gooding said he is n't talking to any studios about investing .
Under the agreement with the House and Senate leaders , the minimum wage would rise from the current $ 3.35 an hour to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 .
And some doctors who have conducted hours of tests on themselves report temporary headaches .
The first part , consisting of $ 151 million of 13 3\/4 % senior subordinated reset notes , was priced at 99.75 .
Both the SUNY team and researchers at the National Magnet Laboratory in Cambridge , Mass. , are working with more potent magnetic brain stimulators .
Advancing issues on the Big Board surged ahead of decliners 1,111 to
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home .
Mr. Meek said his suspicions were aroused by several foreign investments by Lincoln , including $ 22 million paid to Credit Suisse of Switzerland , an $ 18 million interest in Saudi European Bank in Paris , a $ 17.5 million investment in a Bahamas trading company , and a recently discovered holding in a Panama - based company , Southbrook Holdings .
More big Japanese investors are buying U.S. mortgage - backed securities , reversing a recent trend .
Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies .
Officials believe this has left a gaping loophole that illegal drug businesses are exploiting .
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .
RU-486 is being administered in France only under strict supervision in the presence of a doctor .
Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year , bringing the total to four , Infiniti wo n't show profits for at least five years , he adds .
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it .
The far left had some good issues even if it did not have good programs for dealing with them .
I am referring to those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms during the Vietnam war and fled to Canada or some other sanctuary to avoid combat .
The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net - profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp .
Unlike most economic indicators , none of these figures are adjusted for seasonal variations .
Because the federal pension agency had taken over the old plans , LTV would be responsible only for benefits paid under the new pension plans .
The company has $ 1 billion in debt filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Mr. Rifenburgh told industry analysts he is moving `` aggressively '' to negotiate out - of - court settlements on a number of shareholder lawsuits , but noted that the company could file for bankruptcy - law protection if settlement talks fail .
Indeed , the `` art of doctoring '' does contribute to better health results and discourages unwarranted malpractice litigation .
Mr. Baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations .
Earlier this year , President Bush made a final `` take - it - or - leave it '' offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job .
The RTC will have to sell or merge hundreds of insolvent thrifts over the next three years .
`` Small net inflows into stock and bond funds were offset by slight declines in the value of mutual fund stock and bond portfolios '' stemming from falling prices , said Jacob Dreyer , the institute 's chief economist .
G-7 consists of the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy .
Made of space - age materials , the wheel spokes are designed like airplane wings to shave 10 minutes off the time of a rider in a 100 - mile race , the company claims .
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .
There was some profit - taking because prices for all the precious metals had risen to levels at which there was resistance to further advance , he said .
