The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity .
Salt Lake City - based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .
`` Communism will reach its final stage of development in a feckless Russo -- corporation - socialist in form , nationalistic in content and Oriental in style -- that will puzzle the world with alternating feats of realism and recklessness ... . ''
And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up .
Gen - Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern , said it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .
They can be relieved only by changing that system , not by pouring Western money into it .
Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 .
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .
If the government can stick with them , it will be able to halve this year 's 120 billion ruble ( US$ 193 billion ) deficit .
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi - tech powerhouses is only half right .
He accused Dow Jones of `` using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price . ''
Japan 's FTC says it is investigating Apple for allegedly discouraging retailers from discounting .
The Wellesley , Mass. , maker of scientific instruments and electronic parts said Berthold expects 1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks ( $ 54.5 million ) and employs about 400 people .
`` They 're getting some major wins , '' she added .
The brew , called Miller Sharp 's , will be supported by ads developed by Frankenberry , Laughlin & Constable , Milwaukee .
The specialists , a trader said , were `` livid '' about Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that sophisticated computer - driven trading strategies are `` here to stay . ''
Armstrong World Industries Inc. agreed in principle to sell its carpet operations to Shaw Industries Inc .
In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment .
A Coke spokesman said he could n't say whether that is the direction of the talks .
Last year , the Supreme Court defined when companies , such as military contractors , may defend themselves against lawsuits for deaths or injuries by asserting that they were simply following specifications of a federal government contract .
The poll points up some inconsistencies between what people say and what they do .
It is the promise of economic returns that is supposed to make the corporatist model attractive to both the party and labor .
In stock - index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index futures and options .
The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige .
Interstate / Johnson Lane Inc. this year adds 70 people -- 60 of them in retail -- to its 1,300 - member staff .
Most of the proposals are in tourism , basic industry and fishery and agro - industry projects , he said .
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. .
It is offered by the flagship banks of New York 's Manufacturers Hanover Corp. in the one - year maturity only .
In recent years , Nissan has instituted flex - time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans .
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .
That amounts to more than $ 350 billion a year .
But the government 's action , which caught Jaguar management flat - footed , may scuttle the GM minority deal by forcing it to fight for all of Jaguar .
In addition , further packaging of mortgage - backed securities , such as Blackstone 's fund , have reduced the effects of prepayment risk and automatically reinvest monthly payments so institutions do n't have to .
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .
Warner is part of Warner Communications Inc. , which is in the process of being acquired by Time Warner Inc .
In major market activity : Stock prices rose in light trading .
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .
Mr. Baker heads the Kentucky Association of Science Educators and Skeptics .
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged .
Healthcare International Inc. said it reached a 120 - day standstill agreement with its HealthVest affiliate calling for Healthcare to pay HealthVest $ 5 million right away and additional amounts in the future .
The ultimate outcome depends on what he does , not on what we do .
Aside from as much as $ 3.45 billion in recently approved federal aid , the state is expected to draw from a gubernatorial emergency fund that currently stands at an estimated $ 700 million .
They say these are small prices to pay for galvanizing action for the all - important cause .
It could point to plenty of ailments that the Spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure .
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .
The Treasury bills sold yesterday settle today , rather than the standard settlement day of Thursday .
He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .
It is possible that , in perpetuating such myths , the ground is being laid for the arrest of opposition activists on the ground of terrorism .
Municipal bonds were little changed to 1\/2 point higher in late dealings .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said .
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug - related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three - month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47 - store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
The issue is rated single - B - 3 by Moody 's and single - B - plus by S&P .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn. - based company .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit - reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non - pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world .
