Large cross - border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion in the second quarter , the firm added .
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world - wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners .
`` There are some things that have gone on here that nobody can explain , '' she says .
The brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its Technology Index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year .
I worry more about things becoming so unraveled on the other side that they might become unable to negotiate .
Lawyers would eagerly seize on the provision in their death - penalty appeals , says Richard Burr , director of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund 's capital - punishment defense team .
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . ''
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .
Congress still is struggling to dismantle the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988 , which boosted benefits for the elderly and taxed them to pay for the new coverage .
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .
And with Al 's record of being a delver and a detail guy , you can see how the two fit , '' said Alan Gottesman , an analyst with PaineWebber .
But it could also help American companies , which also are starting to try to open the market .
A company spokesman did n't know Mr. Wakeman 's age .
The IRS has been seeking more than $ 300 million in back taxes from Mr. Hunt .
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per - share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence .
